		-----------------------------------
		Release Notes for CORTEX-M Compiler
		-----------------------------------

V4.3.12:
-------
	. The optimizer was wrongly removing an extension instruction
	  produced in a conditional sequence.

	. The parser was producing a wrong error message when optimizing a
	  conditional operator producing two non zero constants in the test
	  expression of an if statement.

	. The optimizer was producing a wrong instruction when multiplying
	  a function argument by itself at the beginning of a function.

	. The compiler was producing a wrong code when casting to a short or char
	  type the result of a shift operator applied to a long long variable
	  with a constant count equal or larger than 16.

V4.3.11:
-------
	. The optimizer was wrongly removing a store instruction when storing
	  a value into a local array with a computed index reused after with
	  a non computed index.

	. The compiler was not handling properly registers allocated for
	  common subexpressions elimination in some complex cases.

V4.3.10:
-------
	. The compiler was not accessing properly a _Bool field of a structure
	  when the full structure was passed as argument to a function.

	. The optimizer was producing a wrong code when implementing two
	  combined if/else statements containing single assignments, allowing
	  the first test to be implemented by an 'it' instruction, when the
	  second else part was containing the same assignment than one of the
	  first if/else branch.

	. The compiler was producing a wrong code when an if/else construct was
	  implemented by an 'it' instruction, and when the first assignment was
	  modifying memory with a pointer indirection.

	. The optimizer was producing a wrong code when left shifting a
	  complemented variable and oring the result to another variable.

V4.3.9:
------
	. The compiler was not initializing properly fields of a structure
	  declared as a local variable when using the C99 prefixed initializer
	  with a non constant expression.

	. The compiler was no handling properly a volatile argument of an
	  inline function when called with a constant value.

	. The compiler was wrongly sharing induced variables from inline
	  functions usage when created in blocks from different pathes.

V4.3.8:
------
	. The compiler was not handling properly the _Pragma C99 directive
	  when produced by a preprocessor macro.

	. The code generator was failing to produce code for a switch statement
	  with a constant label larger than 65535.

	. The code generator was failing to call a function by pointer with
	  at least 4 arguments.

	. The optimizer was producing illegal cbz/cbnz instructions when
	  preceded by mov instructions using registers in the second half.

V4.3.7:
------
	. The compiler supports m7 processors with double precision fpu.

V4.3.6:
------
	. The compiler support C99 initialization syntax using designators
	  and compound literals.

	. The compiler was failing to produce code when the same subexpression
	  was found in the test part and a branch of a conditional operator.

V4.3.5:
------
	. The optimizer was wrongly changing a moved register in a push list
	  thus changing the memory display.

	. the optimizer was wrongly removing a zero extension instruction
	  after a double register load instruction.

V4.3.4:
------
	. The compiler supports the _Bool type.

	. The optimizer was wrongly removing a float register load when the
	  same location was loaded previously into an interger register for
	  zero testing (FPU only)

V4.3.3:
------
	. The assembler and linker implement weak symbols with assembler
	  directive wdef.

	. The code generator was producing a wrong code when comparing an
	  integer to a negative constant.

	. The optimizer has been enhanced to remove useless extension
	  instructions at loop bottom when incrementing or decrementing
	  short or char counters.

V4.3.2:
------
	. The compiler implements support for FPU with option +fpu

	. The 32 bit float machine library has been enhanced for a better
	  rounding support in basic operations.

	. The negative long long constants were not loaded correctly in
	  registers.

	. The long long shift operations were not getting the count from
	  the expected register when using a computed shift count.

V4.3.1:
------
	. The compiler implements support for long long type and signed
	  bitfields.

V4.2.1:
------
	. modify register saving stack location

	. enhance extension instructions optimizations

V4.1.5:
------
	. enhance M0 stack access

V4.1.4:
------
	. fixes of M0 specific optimizations

V4.1.3:
------
	. support M0 devices

V4.1.2:
------
	. optimizer fixes

V4.1.1:
------
	. official release

V4.0.1:
------
	. alpha release
